In the last section we installed the re-act router native fluxed library.
I had a little bit of a discussion about scenes and really just decided let's write some code.
We're going to figure out how this thing works much more quickly by just diving right in.
So I'm going to be a little bit of an abrupt here and I can do a huge introduction.
I'm just going to kind of start working on some stuff and we'll figure out what's going on really quickly
in my source directory and so my project I'm going to make a new file inside the source directory so
it's not inside components it's inside of source and I call this router Dot.
Yes.
OK.
The purpose of this file is to have one location where I can tweak all the different scenes that a user
can navigate to or all the different routes that a user can navigate to.
So in this fire file We're going to define all the different possible screens or scenes whichever way
you want to refer to it as that a user can visit insider app.
We'll be creating a component to do that.
So we're start off by throwing in some boilerplate to make the functional component.
So at the top we'll import react from react.
I'll make a component called router component.
Now I know the name here is a little bit funky.
Do make sure do call this you know please call his router component.
Do not just call it router what the full word in there at the bottom we will export default router component
and then we'll do a little bit more of imports.
This is where we're going to start figuring out how this navigation stuff works.
So we will import scene and router from re-act native Retter flux in both seen and router.
This is why we did not call our component router even though it really is is because we are importing
this other router object or variable into this file and we can import log in form use from our components
directory components log and form.
OK.
So here we go.
Let's get started again.
I'm going to just throw some code on the screen.
Not quite talked about it just yet.
You know let's get stuff up and then we can figure out what's going on.
I need a place down a router tag.
And then inside of it we will define our first scene like so.
Next we're going to pass this scene a couple of props.
Some of the props we just discussed I'm going to give you a key of log in a component of log in form
and a title of Please log in.
Now the last thing I want to do is use this router inside of our application so we made this component
just make it does absolutely nothing.
We have to actually put it somewhere inside her application.
So I'm going to flip back over to our out component.
So here's my component.
I'm going to import the router.
So import router from router and we're going to place this router component inside of our render method
and can replace the log and form to do so.
So instead of showing the logon form going to show the excuse me the router.
There we go and at the top.
We're not using that log in any anymore it's going to clean up the import statement like so.
OK.
So again no discussion yet.
Just throwing some code on the screen.
I'm going to refresh and see what we get.
Of course the first refresh is always a little bit slow because we've just imported this new library.
Ok cool.
There we go.
So it looks all right.
The styling is a little bit off but it looks like something definitely happened right here.
You can see that.
Now we've got a header inside our application automatically It says Please log in very prominently on
the top.
It is also cutting off our log in form.
It's kind of hogging the screen here a little bit.
So let's go to the next section we'll do a review on all the code that we just wrote and we'll also
figure out how we're going to kind of figure out this very obvious display bug that we have right here